# Documentation Team Log!

## 7/6/2021
Hey It's Antoinette~

Did:
- Gathered pictures for Dr. Becker in this [Google Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RZ4ywF5MG9XobbFNfNsmHptrais8jHMW?usp=sharing)
- Started doc log (idea is for each team to have one to track progress, make it a daily thing?)

On the to-do list for the website (really the only things left):
- Home page Remodel
- Members Page
    1. Redraw and crop default diver drawing
    2. Cut all member pics out, crop and make bg-less
    3. Remove quotes (sry Parth)
- Really gotta think about how to upload, crop, compress and change pics on the website easilyyy (rethink folder structure?)
    1. Displaying photos on wiki, figure that out (everyone needs to be able to do that)
    2. Changing the photos on the home page or team pages to keep them current? Maybe only doc members need to worry abt this
    3. Basically a good photo storage/naming system would be *fanstastique*

Less important but also on the to-do list:
- Figure out a prettier way to display these logs (and the manu logs for hull)

That's all for today!

## 7/10/21
Made good progress on the member page today! I redrew the diver and figured out how to change the bubble sizes.

To do list for next time:
- Fix layout issues so name and position are hugging the image closer
- Add new roster for 2021-2022 with proper positions
- cut out square + bg-less images of everyone!

Note, some documentation is starting to happen in HSI which is exciting! Also image uploading does work, Ky has confirmed it, it's actually not a huge ordeal!
I will reach out to Shubham again about the compression algorithm and cropping tool, but I really don't think it is too much of an issue?

## 8/19/21
Switched it up and worked on homepage remodel today!
I finally switched to using a Personal Auth Token instead of a password. I made a nice new branch for the remodel, added a small description box and social media buttons.

To do in the future:
- Graphic about merchandise for homepage
- Make flyers for Oceans 21
- Make post graphic abt Oceans 21
- Eventually, go through other main pages and do a clean up (About, Members, Teams, Donate)


## 10/23/21
Things that need to happen soon:
- Add logo to the homepage
- Get all leads set up with a log (sheets or direct on wiki - make sure they know how to edit it)
- Update photos on home page?
- Update member photos and add new members!

## 11/1/21
Finally updated the new members page!! Shoutout to Yao for figuring out how the heck to reference yml files.
MAIN GOAL: Brush up all pages n have a website we are rly proud of by end of the quarter!
Next on the to do list:
- Picture Day! New group photo for front page, member photos with team shirt!

## 11/6/21
Fixed up the Header ribbon to include our official HPS logo and to make the Header look more professional.

## 11/21/21
Pushed the new donate page to master.
Looking over the website here are the main tasks I would like to accomplish this quarter (or early next quarter):

* Members page
    * Headshots of new members?
    * Fix pilot and treasury, basically make sure everyone is in the right spot.
* Home page
    * New group photo!
    * New main photos in general
* Teams page
    * Fix formatting issue flexbox
    * Updated photos.... (there's a theme here)
* About page
    * Archive the current one for subs history page (format still in the works)
    * Add info about Calypso!

I will make a more detailed list in preparation for winter quarter soon! -Antoinette

## 1/22/22
Hello! It's winter quarter now and here are the biggest ideas we wanna implement!

* Make use of the Blog Page as an actual "year at a glance"
    * Post 1-2 times a quarter with updates and fun pics
    * Recognize difficulty of Covid-19 working
    * Calypso process
    * Tribute to Mark
    * Captain's adress
    * Zoom group pics!

Member's Page
* Get new member photos
    * People send in their own
    * Square format  
* Add Linked in button for each everyone

Calypso Write up
* Have a page for her!
* Maybe make it part of a larger sub history gallery/archive thingy

Home Page
* New group photo for crying out loud!!
* New slideshow photos in general (hunt for them in the discord)

Wiki
* Permanent side menu bar
    * Progress: relevant files are in "jekyll-theme-santiana" repository 
    * https://github.com/hps-ucsd-2020/jekyll-theme-santiana/tree/main/_includes
    * https://github.com/hps-ucsd-2020/jekyll-theme-santiana/blob/main/_includes/toc.html
    * https://github.com/hps-ucsd-2020/jekyll-theme-santiana/blob/main/_includes/toc-lib.html
    * https://github.com/hps-ucsd-2020/jekyll-theme-santiana/blob/main/_sass/components.scss
* Float photos on right

There's more but these are the big ones!
Happy midterms season ;u; -Antoinette

## 2/19/22

In person meetings are starting up again and we are looking at a new workspace on campus!

New updates:
- Redesigning the teams page to look like the tasty noodle house menu! [https://www.tastynoodlehouse.us/san-diego](https://www.tastynoodlehouse.us/san-diego) Ethan is going to design little logos for each team!
- We are working on adding a linkedin link for all members! Yao has set up the framework for this (new line in yml file, spreadsheet).
- We should update everyone's pictures and also take new group pictures!
- Linked in for HPS
- We began registration process for eISR 2022!


L8ter S8terz
Antoinette

## 2/26/22
- Sent out a form for T-shirts today! Should be filled out by next Friday (March 4th). Sharron and I will place the order for T-shirts the next day in workday.
- Yao is starting the teams page redesign. It's a bit involved, lots of re-structuring but he's got it!
- Need to start looking at plane tickets? o_O

Personal goals: 
- Get next round of T-Shirts out
- Get new group / members pictures beginning of Spring Quarter.
- Get a new pool test video to put on the website!
- Revamp Teams page with Tasty Noodle House style 
- Revamp Members page with Linkedin links and new pics, maybe flip cards?
- Archives Page!! Old team photos / team rosters / Historical Documents and Awards!
- Have posts about past submarines somewhere (specs, Santiana info, etc...)
- Have a page for Calypso!
- Private database for team accounts n passwords n such.

Ok, as usual, see y'all next time.

## 3/29/22
Quick checklist for Week 1 workday:
- DIB space socials posts
- Applying for workspace thru Jacobs- due April 10
- Maybe we should do incident report for failed tail print?
- Figure out website goals / deadlines for this quarter (T-shirts and Group pics)

## 4/16/22

Shirts should be arriving the apr 22. Hope to do a Group + headshot day may 7th.
Teams page photos were rearranged. New pics that would be nice:
- New Drivetrain Render
- New Drive Manufacturing group pics (bother Aryian)
- Render for Steering
- Meta Pictures during picture day for Doc!
- Pictures of dive certs!

We need to think about what to display on teams overview / landing / apetizers page.

Big ideas:
Backend redevelopment?
Old picture storage not on github!
Starting to make a timeline! 
Main goal for the end of this quarter:
Members + Teams Page

## 5/7/22

What was done today:
Made flip cards on members page

To Do for next week
- Add new headshots if availiable
- Add LinkedIn Button to flipcards
- Change website colors/theme

Note: perhaps add a horizontal line under date in wiki (style choice)

## 5/14/22

What was done today:
- Added LinkedIn buttons to members flip cards
- Added the first round of headshots to the repo (croppped and compressed to 500x500)

To Do for next week:
- Decide on website colors and theme
- Finsih adding headshots to members page
- Discuss style changes for LinkedIn button
- Hopefully merge a steady state of newMembersPage branch into master
